Terms & Conditions
1)	These Terms & Conditions apply to the provision of the services detailed in our quotation by My Magic Removals / CEBT LTD a company registered in England and Wales under number 09552313 who registered office is at 65 Courtenay Avenue (we or us) to the person buying the services (you). You are deemed to have accepted these Terms & Conditions when you accept our quotation or from the date of any performance of the Services and these Terms & Conditions and our quotation (the contract) are the entire agreement between us.
2)	Our charges starts when the van arrives at the address on the arranged time.
3)	There is a minimum charge of 2 hours of all jobs.
4)	If the job runs over the estimated time, we will charge in every 30 minute. 
5)	All vans are equipped with trolleys, blankets, straps etc.. 
One Man is the driver who always help with loading and unloading, please consider to select at least 2 men if there are heavy or large items for one man.
6)	It is a customer responsibility to check van dimensions on the time of booking. If the van chosen by the customer is not right size and is too small for the job additional fee will apply. 
7)	Please note that we provide our service up to third floor if there is no lift operating. 
8)	If there are any additional fees such as Toll Roads, Ferries or other charges during transportation will be paid by the customer on the top of our agreed price.
9)	My Magic Removals is not responsible and will not transport any Prohibited goods – drugs, intoxicating substances, animals, stolen goods, explosive items, weapons and everything in violation of the law, goods which need special licenses and any jewellery, money or antiques
10)	If you want to cancel your booking, make sure to do it 48h in advance, otherwise cancellation fee will apply (cancellation fee = one hour service charge) 
11)	Please note that we accept online payments and cash. It is not nessesary to pay full amount but is required 30% deposit through PayPal.
12)	If you selected payment "By cash to the driver on the day" please note that you need to pay before unloading  
13)	If you pay by PayPal please remember to pay at least 48 hours before 
14)	All goods in transit are insured up to £20,000
15)	We do not accept responsibility for damaged or lost property after job is complete and payment is completed.
16)	Our insurance covers items in transit only. It will not cover any damage which happens inside a property.
17)	It is customer responsibility to arrange parking space for the van. If there are additional charges for the parking, the customer is obliged to pay.
18)	This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to the design layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions. 

